Problem Statement

Customer satisfaction is one of the important things to take business to
new heights. Lynda, the customer relationship manager of an
ecommerce company is accountable to ensure that the company is
taking every initiative to meet the customer needs and expectations. She
wants customers to have a long, faithful, and cost-effective journey with
her organization. This involves providing best offers to their customers,
creating attractive branding strategy, giving out of box solutions to the
customer concerns, and maintaining complete customer fulfilment.

The manager wants to analyze the revenue generated by top N 
customers in each year. She also wants to see customer order frequency
as her aim is to generate more robust information about customer
purchasing behavior, to create a compelling EOSS scheme.

Additionally, the manager needs to understand customer acquisition and
orders placed by them. She needs to examine the number of customers
acquired in each region. Finally, she needs to analyze the performance of
various regions, states, and cities.

This way the manager can take initiatives to improve customer
conversion rates, increase customer retention, and maximize customer
lifetime value.

Reporting Scenario

Create a story containing the following dashboards:

Note: Use the Customer Analysis excel sheet as the data source to create
the dashboards.

Dashboard 1: Customer Analysis Dashboard 

This dashboard should display the Top N customers for the selected
year, number of customers in each region, and customer order
frequency. Also, the customer name should link to other sheets.

The following question should be answered:
1. Which customer from the West region has placed an order with
the highest price?

Answer:
1. Customer from the West region having placed an order of the
highest price - Kazuko Serrato

Dashboard 2: Geographical Performance Dashboard 

This dashboard should display the revenue generated by each state,
delivery charges for each city, and revenue generated by each region.
The region should link to city and state. Also, clicking a state on the map
should display the information about the state.

The following questions should be answered:

1. Which state in the North East region has generated the highest
revenue?

Answers:
1. State from the North East region having generated the highest
revenue- Connecticut

Create the Sales and Inventory Story
Use the Customer Analysis and Geographical Performance dashboards to
create the Sales and Inventory story.
