Problem Statement

Roger Ferro, the Country head of a multi-national retail company is
responsible for understanding the sales numbers and to make them
grow. For this, he wants to gauge and execute suitable sales techniques,
to scale up the sales numbers for various products, retailed by various
vendors.

The country heads wants to analyze the stock, price, number of items
sold and quality rating for various categories to find the sales trends. He
would also want to evaluate the inventory status for various categories,
subcategories, and items.

With such meticulous exploration of vendor sales and inventory stocks,
the country head can formulate schemes to improvise sales in low profit
periods and confirm that the inventory has enough stock to meet the
customer requirements.

Reporting Scenario

Create the following dashboards:

Note: Use the Sales Analysis excel sheet as the data source to create the
dashboards.

Dashboard 1: Inventory Performance Dashboard

This dashboard should display the inventory data which shows category
and year from highest to lowest order in terms of vendor item price,
comparison of the End On Hand and On Order units for the selected
category and subcategory, and monthly End On Hand and On Order
units for each year. The category and subcategory selections should be
linked.

The following questions should be answered:

1. What is the EOH value for beverages in June 2011?
2. What is the On Order value for beverages in June 2011?

Answers:
1. Value of EOH for beverages in June 2011 – 146274
2. Value of On Order for beverages in June 2011– 60710

Dashboard 2: Retailer Analysis Dashboard

This dashboard should display the number of items for each category.
The view should allow the users to see the top n and bottom n items by
stock unit and also the quality rating by category and vendor.

The following questions should be answered:
1. Which are the vendors dealing with the Produce category?
2. Which is the top item in the Produce category?

Answers:
1. Vendors dealing with the Produce category- Earthworks, highland,
and Indiewealth Corp.
2. Top item in the Produce Category- Del Monte No sugar added